README.md, before:

# MacroBoard

![Assembly](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f124abb1-97a4-4ffe-a3d5-4d31c968749f)

# What is it?  
  
- The MacroBoard is an extension of a much smaller "macropad" featuring a **full TKL layout** with a **rotary encoder** for volume and a whopping total of **22 macro keys** (10 macrokeys physically and 12 more due to the fn keys being on another layer), and it is all coded with KMK firmware.
- Worried about the amount of power it will take? No need to worry! The MacroBoard has a **Pi Pico** as its brain, which is pretty efficient on energy.
- Dislike the microUSB connector on the Pi Pico? Again, don't worry! Through the use of a **USB Type-C** breakout board, most of the cables that you already use should work, as the keyboard has the necessary 5.1K ohm resistors to allow for type-C to type-C communication
- Case looking too big? Every model is split in half to allow for printing on a consumer-sized printer.

# Why did I make it?  
  
- One of my first hardware projects in my life was a macropad, and since I didn't have that much experience, I thought that a keyboard would be an appropriate step up in difficulty while still challenging myself, especially because I decided to use a **bare rp2040 chip** and had to include everything that it needs, including differential pair routing with 90 ohm impedence (for the USB-C connection).
- For the form-factor, I decided to add macrokeys as having additional components like a macroboard on my desk would feel like clutter, so incorporating these keys into the keyboard itself would fix this issue
- Finally, I just never used a mechanical keyboard before, and I honestly just wanted to know how it felt compared to the laptop keyboards and the ones based on rubber.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01ac7471-7d56-493f-b7d0-71074eca8d0d)

# Challenges  
  
- There were two points in this project that were quite soul-crushing and made me actually consider if I should just stop trying to complete the project, which is why I want to highlight them here.

- Initially, I decided that I would forgo hotswap switches for the keyboard, but after finishing routing the PCB, I chose that it would probably be better if I decided to include them. When I changed the footprints from Cherry MX to Kailh hotswap switches, there were over 1300 errors in the DRC.
- This meant that I would have to completely restart the wiring, which was pretty difficult for me to accept, but luckily, it took around 25% of the time it took before with my gained knowledge, proving to me how far I have come in this month alone.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a0a83c7-157a-446c-b68d-270c267d9cdb)

- The next challenge happened right at the end of my project, or as I was almost ready to be done. When I uploaded the PCB gerber files to JLCPCB and completed the parts selection, I found out that no matter what I did, the bare board would come out to be over 1.5 KG, making it ineligible for Global Direct Shipping.
- This meant that the shipping for just the PCB would come out to be about 40 dollars with the cheapest option, completely breaking the $150 budget I had for this project.
- I asked around on the Hackclub Slack for some help, and I there seemed to be nothing that I could really do.
- As a last resort, I DMed [Ayo](https://github.com/TheEternalComrade) (you should check out his Github), who I had seen complete a keyboard. After discussing about ways to optimize the price, he brought up the idea of hand-wiring a keyboard, which was something I had never thought of before.
- I initially still felt discouraged, but with more conversation, I slowly became more confident in myself and my abilities. Now, rejuvinated, I updated the models to be able to work without a PCB and quickly finished my project

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3df5f382-6911-48d2-8cea-a1f929f3c50d)

# PCB

- As previously stated, I will be handwiring this keyboard, but here is my wiring diagram for the keyboard and the PCB that I did design (which ended up being too expensive)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98658bc5-70b2-4d37-88aa-5f862f747b79)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/264d5fc6-a16b-445f-90b8-87f31055b048)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/400705db-2a51-4190-bb17-b368dc20e9ef)


# CAD
- This took me a pretty long time since I'm relatively new to designing things, but I feel that it turned out really well.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5cf35a90-53ec-46a1-8c38-575bb4d13468)


# BOM

|VENDER    |ITEM         |PRICE (USD)                                         |SHIPPING|PCS              |COUNT|COMMENT                                                 |COMMENT          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------------------------------|--------|-----------------|-----|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|ALIEXPRESS|             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |[FEET](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807883232459.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.55021bd89eexxP&algo_pvid=1a770f1c-c062-4366-8a94-589e932ab7b2&algo_exp_id=1a770f1c-c062-4366-8a94-589e932ab7b2-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22373%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.69%211.43%21%21%2112.08%2110.20%21%402101eac917506206213134852e15ad%2112000043525697844%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=uhuYWB7WkQui&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)         |1.69                                          |0       |10               |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[KEYCAPS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256808583283524.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.71ff517bRP8f6k&algo_pvid=5b86f0d0-7a3e-48a7-8888-0f7d0f246e88&algo_exp_id=5b86f0d0-7a3e-48a7-8888-0f7d0f246e88-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2249%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%2120.14%2119.94%21%21%2120.14%2119.94%21%40210312d517494334827192282e9b8e%2112000046593508858%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=8ZD65B0kDTa0&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification)      |20.22                                         |0       |104              |1    |BLUE                                                    |                 |
|          |[STABS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256806342416791.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.1f9130bdR4lI3e&algo_pvid=cf999406-4910-42b3-8749-b1a43b4eea55&algo_exp_id=cf999406-4910-42b3-8749-b1a43b4eea55-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22901%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%217.67%216.64%21%21%217.67%216.64%21%402103146f17502672974193867e9e69%2112000037543723482%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=G5Umy2OhrlOa&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)        |7.69                                          |0       |(1) 6.25u, (4) 2u|1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[ROTARY](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256806989461658.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.40763a52ybtfqK&algo_pvid=e489c4d5-419f-4c6c-acc1-da98479a699d&algo_exp_id=e489c4d5-419f-4c6c-acc1-da98479a699d-19&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2218%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.42%211.22%21%21%2110.17%218.74%21%402101ea7117495175123601420e8599%2112000039705433951%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=zXx0Y2mGFKb8&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification)       |1.42                                          |0       |1                |0    |EXCLUDED                                                |                 |
|          |[HEADERS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256804251926023.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.3.6233P5h8P5h85F&algo_pvid=584f0c50-5b9e-4a9e-93a5-931e9de41a05&algo_exp_id=584f0c50-5b9e-4a9e-93a5-931e9de41a05-14&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2212%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.44%211.44%21%21%211.44%211.44%21%40210313e917496921766935236e1966%2112000029181612582%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=TUy5rYkuikyu&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)      |1.44                                          |1.99    |10               |0    |EXCLUDED                                                |                 |
|          |[STANDOFFS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807676471039.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.7.707337b6g0g4X3&algo_pvid=264d64cd-d181-40d5-8715-bf0f00bebe19&algo_exp_id=264d64cd-d181-40d5-8715-bf0f00bebe19-6&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2242%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%215.25%214.78%21%21%215.25%214.78%21%40210318ec17502700244453566eedb7%2112000046486253701%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=gWufiUueYrzy&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)    |3.08                                          |0       |100              |1    |6mm M3                                                  |                 |
|          |[SCREWS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256808318392916.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.9.b3bd48ab2IfbUm&algo_pvid=13938592-212d-450d-895e-c381feab57e0&algo_exp_id=13938592-212d-450d-895e-c381feab57e0-8&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22164%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.58%211.27%21%21%211.58%211.27%21%402101effb17503475022117786e4c80%2112000045477825083%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=zDcpBpa3QEWD&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)       |2.12                                          |0       |50               |1    |14mm M3                                                 |                 |
|          |SCREWS (same as above)       |1.81                                          |0       |50               |1    |8mm M3                                                  |                 |
|          |[WIRE](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807263561521.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.32.15b0ZzDdZzDddJ&algo_pvid=4a5d9ae2-2df9-4e9c-9d69-fa84af0a8b08&algo_exp_id=4a5d9ae2-2df9-4e9c-9d69-fa84af0a8b08-29&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22796%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.76%211.56%21%21%2112.60%2111.17%21%40210318c317506038668676043ec08b%2112000040805495967%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=UTl53eQXFiqN&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)         |5.04                                          |0       |10m              |2    |22 AWG                                                  |PRICE IS FOR BOTH|
|          |[SOLDER](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/2251832799951126.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.8.2574GSpLGSpLK5&algo_pvid=6baeb1af-e0b4-4287-99e5-ce75760993cb&aem_p4p_detail=202506220802211328313750416910005410879&algo_exp_id=6baeb1af-e0b4-4287-99e5-ce75760993cb-7&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22936%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%215.29%214.80%21%21%215.29%214.80%21%402103205217506045411107800e8e11%2112000035229498986%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=ekyOlxYzkwWP&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=202506220802211328313750416910005410879_2)       |5.36                                          |0       |50G              |1    |LEAD-FREE                                               |                 |
|          |[BRASS SPONGE](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807379310777.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller.1.550clS45lS45Ba&gps-id=pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller&scm=1007.40050.354490.0&scm_id=1007.40050.354490.0&scm-url=1007.40050.354490.0&pvid=908ff35d-5b9a-412a-95bf-02d25e162938&_t=gps-id:pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller,scm-url:1007.40050.354490.0,pvid:908ff35d-5b9a-412a-95bf-02d25e162938,tpp_buckets:668%232846%238107%231934&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2212272%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%2C%22sceneId%22%3A%2230050%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.23%211.02%21%21%211.23%211.02%21%40210308a417506046727721251ec22e%2112000041321995436%21rec%21US%21%21ABXZ&utparam-url=scene%3ApcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification) |3.67                                          |0       |1                |1    |(so hackclub doesn't have to pay for tips in the future)|                 |
|          |[DIODES](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/2255799955957794.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.2.58505a28ogBjIk&algo_pvid=46214d5b-92f6-420d-971e-75c1ebbaa3b8&algo_exp_id=46214d5b-92f6-420d-971e-75c1ebbaa3b8-1&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221728%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.46%211.26%21%21%2110.44%219.01%21%402103241117506125228131447ecc00%2110000000428321629%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=SitLpXDz4Ulz&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)       |1.46                                          |0       |100              |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |TOTAL        |52.14                                         |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|AMAZON    |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |[GLUE](https://www.amazon.com/Gorilla-Precise-Cyanoacrylate-Dispensing-Anti-Clog/dp/B0CTHY7QTY?dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.Q4-rAGH-WPxehn7bUaoCtTn4ErkLJTpapdZhqoeQ3QKPMIwnKV7e-dk9gpy2BTVKfSUGdYRXyUYId4LrDstjGzpB2XGaySqGIPa5Fr3kYPj1MEQy7LU_S_o4ev5czntTbWjaWLQ1oOA__pfkGe_MkcBUrBlmX3fAEXi946bzDs59lJR7zeHsquGZJy_OKDkg3cAvASGn-3HmyE4mmz5iHx-BY_s5k53fhMzjUJ0pRhdFaVGtK-49tMIoh3l8bf1aVlTuQyvAw6BlbiINuEHlVxIUpJEeEG-sDgFDA0dUI0s.tMODLEMY78Z_mUireK0slXhelmkJkBgJvyJ1t1Cr464&dib_tag=se&keywords=5.5%2Bg%2BSuper%2BGlue%2BMicro%2BPrecise%2BGel&qid=1750527141&s=office-products&sr=1-1&th=1)         |7.49                                          |0       |1                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[PICO](https://www.amazon.com/Raspberry-RP2040-microcontroller-Dual-core-Processor-1pc/dp/B0BK9CTMSV?dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.nnVyaK1nxbIlbqdEEAwKVZTxIH8jXzozxygG1Cwtq2VYnZIMwAT6iAgZMcSlVNMH7z1QMCueBK6YzMjo1D2pYNdTpHFpwU8OP6ecpWP8Kv-Wz_REFxtVvY5LxGHwk7-xjYkweY0eWKxP9xvmb0KFx6kctA7qP-MYrhuFZE9sEd2DXAsM3ZSUuaZhDC3fq0YiI0AEcdt3gCpprkuBVRPgkLE-xVpzy3e4f8dj_Rtm53U.J4XMV4VSyLGk3kfPLyZFBdEGmdVo9sYYQ2B-_PazpTg&dib_tag=se&keywords=pi%2Bpico&qid=1750603617&sr=8-7&th=1)         |7.48                                          |0       |2                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[USBC BREAKOUT](https://www.amazon.com/DIANN-Type-C-Breakout-Connector-Converter/dp/B0BLSN5PR8?crid=13IYNO93GZMHY&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.-ulFbd1hC8_n8o7sa0O_93PrWdilx-FIilpGPXks4Rrq9WxAdOtNq4QtyOab1vM4ES-64RVy1XWh70gCzjgTES2LIA8MXViR26ExY9YsI38yZX0Iap55PeLT1Tv5Tal27xuU0KzFWOdxPgV_scWUfDvWfNt3PsS6JDdTH-VkHAr7tK7WOaiJZLqAlbCC0mtu0oGk3Xw1yOm1rd_EXK0LLHparyGYJ30tMPIfix3xBYg.PpP4p8uGvHTIGoVZlYq82sYltOGdpVE2uYznWJqGSPw&dib_tag=se&keywords=USBC%2Bbreakout&qid=1750621284&sprefix=usbc%2Bbreakou%2Caps%2C133&sr=8-4&th=1)|5.99                                          |0       |5               |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[WIRE STRIPPER](https://www.amazon.com/WGGE-Professional-crimping-Multi-Tool-Multi-Function/dp/B073YG65N2?crid=3PID7KSX2BHZ6&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.ZAYNEhsAbhg4cvVhkdiqO2xZd351tcbLHelV_lMV-gf8vUf2UpdDsft-fgt6Csa9CcP1iyTVLw1tBJDkF7a7MM8M4Nm-vAM8TWOg2udT9NTvBJesDRDF5ihXVnW6bOQdNmSpETdf9bu5L6nVlzesWyOCtk4Fz5V9RkOPIvLxte1f42D6Zl1-nn4_kz5QuuKIycK3vI3gZcLVBATnwBS-pXRwlG_4uxUGsDRKyamGfo3oav9dskxxQrh3zdeaZRrS_gO__wZzmXfphjbrT7GW8TACToveiJVaXcgKsysDGE4.1_mvEqOLtQx3aDtbGoCtMxIEesLH3_Fmr16WEWddkgs&dib_tag=se&keywords=wire+strippers&qid=1750603730&sprefix=qire+stripper%2Caps%2C134&sr=8-6)|8.99                                          |0       |1                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[SWITCHES](https://www.amazon.com/Switches-Mechanical-Keyboard-Pre-Lubed-Pin-Enhanced/dp/B0CF8CVWV8?crid=IX320J5UHD0T&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.iOzcxQSh1e643UyMLtHGWoDen-NcgbNZsv_ZsEzNs4BN2SsgAzlz2Vg74X5VjG4oZciZBZ8ouWfVsYLj7QU29L_vaHu6pFOQEjl_t00zgiwM9qYjSQdqBzW3yAFKKp4bxDiqCEm_5aCCeTlFw_bd1vInN-BEWJguxnkORJjJDZsHGls4pBwziRPtIQdGpBuIUmLvm9bhg7h0vwQUgxX0S0BjvCybC2jOl11Xl-1V23U.jsBcgg9TXu7tj1VYeB2SIpyC1Tm2ydAQL07c2T3cGcE&dib_tag=se&keywords=gateron%2Byellow&qid=1750620500&sprefix=gateron%2Byellow%2Caps%2C130&sr=8-3&th=1)     |32.99                                         |0       |108              |1    |gateron yellow                                          |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |TOTAL        |62.94                                         |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|SHIPPING  |20           |(reserved for printing legion shipping)       |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|TAXES     |             |(Have more than enough for my state sales tax)|        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|TOTAL     |135.08       |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |

Commit message:

Update README.md - added credits

README.md, after:

# MacroBoard

![Assembly](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f124abb1-97a4-4ffe-a3d5-4d31c968749f)

# What is it?  
  
- The MacroBoard is an extension of a much smaller "macropad" featuring a **full TKL layout** with a **rotary encoder** for volume and a whopping total of **22 macro keys** (10 macrokeys physically and 12 more due to the fn keys being on another layer), and it is all coded with KMK firmware.
- Worried about the amount of power it will take? No need to worry! The MacroBoard has a **Pi Pico** as its brain, which is pretty efficient on energy.
- Dislike the microUSB connector on the Pi Pico? Again, don't worry! Through the use of a **USB Type-C** breakout board, most of the cables that you already use should work, as the keyboard has the necessary 5.1K ohm resistors to allow for type-C to type-C communication
- Case looking too big? Every model is split in half to allow for printing on a consumer-sized printer.

# Why did I make it?  
  
- One of my first hardware projects in my life was a macropad, and since I didn't have that much experience, I thought that a keyboard would be an appropriate step up in difficulty while still challenging myself, especially because I decided to use a **bare rp2040 chip** and had to include everything that it needs, including differential pair routing with 90 ohm impedence (for the USB-C connection).
- For the form-factor, I decided to add macrokeys as having additional components like a macroboard on my desk would feel like clutter, so incorporating these keys into the keyboard itself would fix this issue
- Finally, I just never used a mechanical keyboard before, and I honestly just wanted to know how it felt compared to the laptop keyboards and the ones based on rubber.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01ac7471-7d56-493f-b7d0-71074eca8d0d)

# Challenges  
  
- There were two points in this project that were quite soul-crushing and made me actually consider if I should just stop trying to complete the project, which is why I want to highlight them here.

- Initially, I decided that I would forgo hotswap switches for the keyboard, but after finishing routing the PCB, I chose that it would probably be better if I decided to include them. When I changed the footprints from Cherry MX to Kailh hotswap switches, there were over 1300 errors in the DRC.
- This meant that I would have to completely restart the wiring, which was pretty difficult for me to accept, but luckily, it took around 25% of the time it took before with my gained knowledge, proving to me how far I have come in this month alone.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a0a83c7-157a-446c-b68d-270c267d9cdb)

- The next challenge happened right at the end of my project, or as I was almost ready to be done. When I uploaded the PCB gerber files to JLCPCB and completed the parts selection, I found out that no matter what I did, the bare board would come out to be over 1.5 KG, making it ineligible for Global Direct Shipping.
- This meant that the shipping for just the PCB would come out to be about 40 dollars with the cheapest option, completely breaking the $150 budget I had for this project.
- I asked around on the Hackclub Slack for some help, and I there seemed to be nothing that I could really do.
- As a last resort, I DMed [Ayo](https://github.com/TheEternalComrade) (you should check out his Github), who I had seen complete a keyboard. After discussing about ways to optimize the price, he brought up the idea of hand-wiring a keyboard, which was something I had never thought of before.
- I initially still felt discouraged, but with more conversation, I slowly became more confident in myself and my abilities. Now, rejuvinated, I updated the models to be able to work without a PCB and quickly finished my project

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3df5f382-6911-48d2-8cea-a1f929f3c50d)

# Credits
- Credit to [@Coloneljesus_13723 on printables.com](https://www.printables.com/model/680438-switch-to-encoder-plate-adapter/files) for a cherry MX plate hole to EC11 rotary encoder
- [Ayo](https://github.com/TheEternalComrade) for helping me throughout the latter part of the project

# PCB

- As previously stated, I will be handwiring this keyboard, but here is my wiring diagram for the keyboard and the PCB that I did design (which ended up being too expensive)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98658bc5-70b2-4d37-88aa-5f862f747b79)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/264d5fc6-a16b-445f-90b8-87f31055b048)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/400705db-2a51-4190-bb17-b368dc20e9ef)


# CAD
- This took me a pretty long time since I'm relatively new to designing things, but I feel that it turned out really well.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5cf35a90-53ec-46a1-8c38-575bb4d13468)


# BOM

|VENDER    |ITEM         |PRICE (USD)                                         |SHIPPING|PCS              |COUNT|COMMENT                                                 |COMMENT          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------------------------------|--------|-----------------|-----|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|ALIEXPRESS|             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |[FEET](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807883232459.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.55021bd89eexxP&algo_pvid=1a770f1c-c062-4366-8a94-589e932ab7b2&algo_exp_id=1a770f1c-c062-4366-8a94-589e932ab7b2-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22373%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.69%211.43%21%21%2112.08%2110.20%21%402101eac917506206213134852e15ad%2112000043525697844%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=uhuYWB7WkQui&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)         |1.69                                          |0       |10               |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[KEYCAPS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256808583283524.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.71ff517bRP8f6k&algo_pvid=5b86f0d0-7a3e-48a7-8888-0f7d0f246e88&algo_exp_id=5b86f0d0-7a3e-48a7-8888-0f7d0f246e88-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2249%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%2120.14%2119.94%21%21%2120.14%2119.94%21%40210312d517494334827192282e9b8e%2112000046593508858%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=8ZD65B0kDTa0&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification)      |20.22                                         |0       |104              |1    |BLUE                                                    |                 |
|          |[STABS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256806342416791.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.1f9130bdR4lI3e&algo_pvid=cf999406-4910-42b3-8749-b1a43b4eea55&algo_exp_id=cf999406-4910-42b3-8749-b1a43b4eea55-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22901%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%217.67%216.64%21%21%217.67%216.64%21%402103146f17502672974193867e9e69%2112000037543723482%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=G5Umy2OhrlOa&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)        |7.69                                          |0       |(1) 6.25u, (4) 2u|1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[ROTARY](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256806989461658.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.40763a52ybtfqK&algo_pvid=e489c4d5-419f-4c6c-acc1-da98479a699d&algo_exp_id=e489c4d5-419f-4c6c-acc1-da98479a699d-19&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2218%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.42%211.22%21%21%2110.17%218.74%21%402101ea7117495175123601420e8599%2112000039705433951%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=zXx0Y2mGFKb8&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification)       |1.42                                          |0       |1                |0    |EXCLUDED                                                |                 |
|          |[HEADERS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256804251926023.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.3.6233P5h8P5h85F&algo_pvid=584f0c50-5b9e-4a9e-93a5-931e9de41a05&algo_exp_id=584f0c50-5b9e-4a9e-93a5-931e9de41a05-14&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2212%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.44%211.44%21%21%211.44%211.44%21%40210313e917496921766935236e1966%2112000029181612582%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=TUy5rYkuikyu&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)      |1.44                                          |1.99    |10               |0    |EXCLUDED                                                |                 |
|          |[STANDOFFS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807676471039.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.7.707337b6g0g4X3&algo_pvid=264d64cd-d181-40d5-8715-bf0f00bebe19&algo_exp_id=264d64cd-d181-40d5-8715-bf0f00bebe19-6&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2242%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%215.25%214.78%21%21%215.25%214.78%21%40210318ec17502700244453566eedb7%2112000046486253701%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=gWufiUueYrzy&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)    |3.08                                          |0       |100              |1    |6mm M3                                                  |                 |
|          |[SCREWS](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256808318392916.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.9.b3bd48ab2IfbUm&algo_pvid=13938592-212d-450d-895e-c381feab57e0&algo_exp_id=13938592-212d-450d-895e-c381feab57e0-8&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22164%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.58%211.27%21%21%211.58%211.27%21%402101effb17503475022117786e4c80%2112000045477825083%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=zDcpBpa3QEWD&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)       |2.12                                          |0       |50               |1    |14mm M3                                                 |                 |
|          |SCREWS (same as above)       |1.81                                          |0       |50               |1    |8mm M3                                                  |                 |
|          |[WIRE](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807263561521.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.32.15b0ZzDdZzDddJ&algo_pvid=4a5d9ae2-2df9-4e9c-9d69-fa84af0a8b08&algo_exp_id=4a5d9ae2-2df9-4e9c-9d69-fa84af0a8b08-29&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22796%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.76%211.56%21%21%2112.60%2111.17%21%40210318c317506038668676043ec08b%2112000040805495967%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=UTl53eQXFiqN&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)         |5.04                                          |0       |10m              |2    |22 AWG                                                  |PRICE IS FOR BOTH|
|          |[SOLDER](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/2251832799951126.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.8.2574GSpLGSpLK5&algo_pvid=6baeb1af-e0b4-4287-99e5-ce75760993cb&aem_p4p_detail=202506220802211328313750416910005410879&algo_exp_id=6baeb1af-e0b4-4287-99e5-ce75760993cb-7&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%22936%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%215.29%214.80%21%21%215.29%214.80%21%402103205217506045411107800e8e11%2112000035229498986%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=ekyOlxYzkwWP&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A&search_p4p_id=202506220802211328313750416910005410879_2)       |5.36                                          |0       |50G              |1    |LEAD-FREE                                               |                 |
|          |[BRASS SPONGE](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807379310777.html?spm=a2g0o.detail.pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller.1.550clS45lS45Ba&gps-id=pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller&scm=1007.40050.354490.0&scm_id=1007.40050.354490.0&scm-url=1007.40050.354490.0&pvid=908ff35d-5b9a-412a-95bf-02d25e162938&_t=gps-id:pcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller,scm-url:1007.40050.354490.0,pvid:908ff35d-5b9a-412a-95bf-02d25e162938,tpp_buckets:668%232846%238107%231934&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2212272%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%2C%22sceneId%22%3A%2230050%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.23%211.02%21%21%211.23%211.02%21%40210308a417506046727721251ec22e%2112000041321995436%21rec%21US%21%21ABXZ&utparam-url=scene%3ApcDetailTopMoreOtherSeller%7Cquery_from%3A#nav-specification) |3.67                                          |0       |1                |1    |(so hackclub doesn't have to pay for tips in the future)|                 |
|          |[DIODES](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/2255799955957794.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.2.58505a28ogBjIk&algo_pvid=46214d5b-92f6-420d-971e-75c1ebbaa3b8&algo_exp_id=46214d5b-92f6-420d-971e-75c1ebbaa3b8-1&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%221728%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21USD%211.46%211.26%21%21%2110.44%219.01%21%402103241117506125228131447ecc00%2110000000428321629%21sea%21US%210%21ABX&curPageLogUid=SitLpXDz4Ulz&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)       |1.46                                          |0       |100              |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |TOTAL        |52.14                                         |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|AMAZON    |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |[GLUE](https://www.amazon.com/Gorilla-Precise-Cyanoacrylate-Dispensing-Anti-Clog/dp/B0CTHY7QTY?dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.Q4-rAGH-WPxehn7bUaoCtTn4ErkLJTpapdZhqoeQ3QKPMIwnKV7e-dk9gpy2BTVKfSUGdYRXyUYId4LrDstjGzpB2XGaySqGIPa5Fr3kYPj1MEQy7LU_S_o4ev5czntTbWjaWLQ1oOA__pfkGe_MkcBUrBlmX3fAEXi946bzDs59lJR7zeHsquGZJy_OKDkg3cAvASGn-3HmyE4mmz5iHx-BY_s5k53fhMzjUJ0pRhdFaVGtK-49tMIoh3l8bf1aVlTuQyvAw6BlbiINuEHlVxIUpJEeEG-sDgFDA0dUI0s.tMODLEMY78Z_mUireK0slXhelmkJkBgJvyJ1t1Cr464&dib_tag=se&keywords=5.5%2Bg%2BSuper%2BGlue%2BMicro%2BPrecise%2BGel&qid=1750527141&s=office-products&sr=1-1&th=1)         |7.49                                          |0       |1                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[PICO](https://www.amazon.com/Raspberry-RP2040-microcontroller-Dual-core-Processor-1pc/dp/B0BK9CTMSV?dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.nnVyaK1nxbIlbqdEEAwKVZTxIH8jXzozxygG1Cwtq2VYnZIMwAT6iAgZMcSlVNMH7z1QMCueBK6YzMjo1D2pYNdTpHFpwU8OP6ecpWP8Kv-Wz_REFxtVvY5LxGHwk7-xjYkweY0eWKxP9xvmb0KFx6kctA7qP-MYrhuFZE9sEd2DXAsM3ZSUuaZhDC3fq0YiI0AEcdt3gCpprkuBVRPgkLE-xVpzy3e4f8dj_Rtm53U.J4XMV4VSyLGk3kfPLyZFBdEGmdVo9sYYQ2B-_PazpTg&dib_tag=se&keywords=pi%2Bpico&qid=1750603617&sr=8-7&th=1)         |7.48                                          |0       |2                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[USBC BREAKOUT](https://www.amazon.com/DIANN-Type-C-Breakout-Connector-Converter/dp/B0BLSN5PR8?crid=13IYNO93GZMHY&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.-ulFbd1hC8_n8o7sa0O_93PrWdilx-FIilpGPXks4Rrq9WxAdOtNq4QtyOab1vM4ES-64RVy1XWh70gCzjgTES2LIA8MXViR26ExY9YsI38yZX0Iap55PeLT1Tv5Tal27xuU0KzFWOdxPgV_scWUfDvWfNt3PsS6JDdTH-VkHAr7tK7WOaiJZLqAlbCC0mtu0oGk3Xw1yOm1rd_EXK0LLHparyGYJ30tMPIfix3xBYg.PpP4p8uGvHTIGoVZlYq82sYltOGdpVE2uYznWJqGSPw&dib_tag=se&keywords=USBC%2Bbreakout&qid=1750621284&sprefix=usbc%2Bbreakou%2Caps%2C133&sr=8-4&th=1)|5.99                                          |0       |5               |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[WIRE STRIPPER](https://www.amazon.com/WGGE-Professional-crimping-Multi-Tool-Multi-Function/dp/B073YG65N2?crid=3PID7KSX2BHZ6&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.ZAYNEhsAbhg4cvVhkdiqO2xZd351tcbLHelV_lMV-gf8vUf2UpdDsft-fgt6Csa9CcP1iyTVLw1tBJDkF7a7MM8M4Nm-vAM8TWOg2udT9NTvBJesDRDF5ihXVnW6bOQdNmSpETdf9bu5L6nVlzesWyOCtk4Fz5V9RkOPIvLxte1f42D6Zl1-nn4_kz5QuuKIycK3vI3gZcLVBATnwBS-pXRwlG_4uxUGsDRKyamGfo3oav9dskxxQrh3zdeaZRrS_gO__wZzmXfphjbrT7GW8TACToveiJVaXcgKsysDGE4.1_mvEqOLtQx3aDtbGoCtMxIEesLH3_Fmr16WEWddkgs&dib_tag=se&keywords=wire+strippers&qid=1750603730&sprefix=qire+stripper%2Caps%2C134&sr=8-6)|8.99                                          |0       |1                |1    |                                                        |                 |
|          |[SWITCHES](https://www.amazon.com/Switches-Mechanical-Keyboard-Pre-Lubed-Pin-Enhanced/dp/B0CF8CVWV8?crid=IX320J5UHD0T&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.iOzcxQSh1e643UyMLtHGWoDen-NcgbNZsv_ZsEzNs4BN2SsgAzlz2Vg74X5VjG4oZciZBZ8ouWfVsYLj7QU29L_vaHu6pFOQEjl_t00zgiwM9qYjSQdqBzW3yAFKKp4bxDiqCEm_5aCCeTlFw_bd1vInN-BEWJguxnkORJjJDZsHGls4pBwziRPtIQdGpBuIUmLvm9bhg7h0vwQUgxX0S0BjvCybC2jOl11Xl-1V23U.jsBcgg9TXu7tj1VYeB2SIpyC1Tm2ydAQL07c2T3cGcE&dib_tag=se&keywords=gateron%2Byellow&qid=1750620500&sprefix=gateron%2Byellow%2Caps%2C130&sr=8-3&th=1)     |32.99                                         |0       |108              |1    |gateron yellow                                          |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |TOTAL        |62.94                                         |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|SHIPPING  |20           |(reserved for printing legion shipping)       |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|TAXES     |             |(Have more than enough for my state sales tax)|        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|          |             |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
|TOTAL     |135.08       |                                              |        |                 |     |                                                        |                 |
